To access the Kubernetes dashboard, you'll need to do a couple more things.
Go down to Access Kubernetes Dashboard for your cluster.
You've already created a kubeconfig file and verified
that you could connect to your cluster.
Next, they've provided the information for you to create a service account.
Go ahead and copy this information, then add it to a YAML file on your system.
Next,
run kubectl apply -f and the name of the file you
just created with that information.
You should see a confirmation that the service account was created.
Next, you need to get the secret in order to log into the Kubernetes dashboard.
If you need a reminder,
you can access all of these commands from your cloud console
in the Access Kubernetes Dashboard section.
Copy the token that it shows and set that aside; you're
going to need it in just a minute.
Run kubectl proxy to start up a proxy between your machine and the cluster,
then open your browser to the location shown in the resources.
You should see a login prompt.
Select Token, then paste the token that you copied just a minute ago.
Click Sign In,
and now you can access the Kubernetes dashboard for
the cluster that you just created.
I've already deployed something to this cluster so you can see the deployments,
pods, and other things that you're used to seeing in the Kubernetes dashboard.
Great job!
You've created an Oracle Cloud account,
you have a running Kubernetes cluster with kubectl access configured,
and you're able to access your Kubernetes dashboard.
Join me in the next module where we will look at pushing a Docker image to the Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Registry.